CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to This SDK

## Adding New Features and Releasing

1. Check out the project, create, and configure an `.env` file as described above.

2. Please add new features using the master branch, or submit a pull request.
   To install dependencies, build, and test the project, run:

   ```bash
    ./gradlew build
   ```

   Also run the same command before pushing your changes to GitHub.

   On Travis the build will be tested against the latest released Acrolinx Platform.
   If your build on Travis was successful, a new snapshot version will be automatically available via [Maven snapshot repository](https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/com/acrolinx/client/sdk/).
3. Once you tested your new features, remove the `-SNAPSHOT` from the `CURRENT_VERSION` property in the `gradle.properties` file.
4. Commit and push your changes. If all goes right, the artifact is released to [Maven Central](https://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Cg%3A%22com.acrolinx.client%22%20a%3A%22sdk%22%20).
Note that it might take quite a while until the new version shows up in [Maven Central](https://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Cg%3A%22com.acrolinx.client%22%20a%3A%22sdk%22%20). However it will be immediately available in the [oss staging repository](https://oss.sonatype.org/content/groups/staging/com/acrolinx/client/sdk/).

   If that build fails, you might have to sign-in into [Nexus Repository Manager](https://oss.sonatype.org/#welcome) and drop falsely created repositories, before starting a new release build.

   TravisCI will also automatically create a release tag on GitHub. If that fails run the Gradle Task for creating a release tag and pushing it GitHub:

   ```bash
      ./gradlew createGithubReleaseTag -Dorg.ajoberstar.grgit.auth.username=someone -Dorg.ajoberstar.grgit.auth.password=mysecretpassword
   ```

5. Once the tag is pushed to GitHub, TravisCI will automatically update the [API documentation on the GitHub Pages](https://acrolinx.github.io/sidebar-sdk-java/).
6. Don't forget to commit and push a new SNAPSHOT version.

## Updating dependencies

```./gradlew useLatestVersions && ./gradlew useLatestVersionsCheck```

Commit message:

DEV-22561 pointing referenced version nos

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to This SDK

## Adding New Features and Releasing

1. Check out the project, create, and configure an `.env` file as described above.

2. Please add new features using the master branch, or submit a pull request.
   To install dependencies, build, and test the project, run:

   ```bash
    ./gradlew build
   ```

   Also run the same command before pushing your changes to GitHub.

   On Travis the build will be tested against the latest released Acrolinx Platform.
   If your build on Travis was successful, a new snapshot version will be automatically available via [Maven snapshot repository](https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/com/acrolinx/client/sdk/).
3. Once you tested your new features, remove the `-SNAPSHOT` from the `CURRENT_VERSION` property in the `gradle.properties` file.
4. Commit and push your changes. If all goes right, the artifact is released to [Maven Central](https://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Cg%3A%22com.acrolinx.client%22%20a%3A%22sdk%22%20).
Note that it might take quite a while until the new version shows up in [Maven Central](https://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Cg%3A%22com.acrolinx.client%22%20a%3A%22sdk%22%20). However it will be immediately available in the [oss staging repository](https://oss.sonatype.org/content/groups/staging/com/acrolinx/client/sdk/).

   If that build fails, you might have to sign in into [Nexus Repository Manager](https://oss.sonatype.org/#welcome) and drop falsely created repositories, before starting a new release build.

   TravisCI will also automatically create a release tag on GitHub. If that fails run the Gradle Task for creating a release tag and pushing it GitHub:

   ```bash
      ./gradlew createGithubReleaseTag -Dorg.ajoberstar.grgit.auth.username=someone -Dorg.ajoberstar.grgit.auth.password=mysecretpassword
   ```

5. Once the tag is pushed to GitHub, TravisCI will automatically update the [API documentation on the GitHub Pages](https://acrolinx.github.io/sidebar-sdk-java/).
6. Don't forget to commit and push a new SNAPSHOT version.
7. Update referenced versions is [`README.md`](https://github.com/acrolinx/sdk-java/edit/master/README.md).
8. Update referenced versions is [Acrolinx Java SDK Demo Project](https://github.com/acrolinx/sdk-demo-java/edit/master/build.gradle).

## Updating Dependencies

```./gradlew useLatestVersions && ./gradlew useLatestVersionsCheck```
